Mdanse 2.0.1 (#1225)
ISISNeutronMuon/MDANSE: Doc/pages/qvectors.rst

that different vectors can have different weights. This
is meant to approximate a spherical distribution of vectors
in low-symmetry systems where lattice vectors are not uniformly

> spaced, and also to give preference to vectors with :math:`|\mathbf{q}|`

Reviewer: Do you know about `rst` replace? If at the start of the file you write:
```rst
.. |modq| replace:: :math:`|\mathbf{q}|`
.. |q| replace:: :math:`\mathbf{q}`
```
You can just write

```suggestion
spaced, and also to give preference to vectors with |modq|
```
here, and elsewhere which might be nicer.

Author: OK, four files of our documentation are using this now.
